README.md, before:

### Hi👋! My name is João
A Computer enthusiast that's learning programming languages!

<!-- <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/why-are-my-contributions-not-showing-up-on-my-profile">
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=retrozinndev&theme=blue-green"></a>
<br> -->

#### Things that you should look:
 - [Note Studios](https://github.com/notestudios)
 - I've made a game and you can play on Game Jolt, source code is available! <br>
  [The Traveler - A free and open-source 2D Shooter game](https://github.com/notestudios/TheTraveler)
 - A Space Shooting game I've made for fun! <br>
  [Space Shooter - A game about Space Shooting!](https://github.com/retrozinndev/SpaceShooter)
 - Tool made to Sync your Date and Time with the Internet on Windows <br>
  [UpDateNTime - Tool for PCs that can't keep date and time](https://github.com/retrozinndev/UpDateNTime)


#### Familiar programming languages:
<a href="https://openjdk.org/">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white"></a>
<a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/csharp/">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white"></a><br>


#### Social Medias:
Talk to me on Discord: **retrozinndev**

<a href="https://www.reddit.com/user/Much_Clue7037">
 <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Reddit-FF4500?style=for-the-badge&logo=reddit&logoColor=white" alt="Reddit"></a>
<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/22116293/retrozinndev">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Stack_Overflow-FE7A16?style=for-the-badge&logo=stack-overflow&logoColor=white" alt="StackOverFlow"></a>
<a href="https://www.twitch.tv/retrozinndev">
 <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitch-9146FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitch&logoColor=white" alt="Twitch"></a>

#### Linux Distro I use:
<a href="https://archlinux.org/"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Arch_Linux-1793D1?style=for-the-badge&logo=arch-linux&logoColor=white" alt="Arch Linux GNOME"></a>

<!--
**retrozinndev/retrozinndev** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
Here are some ideas to get you started:
- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

📚️ README: added `ongoing project` section
Added "Ongoing project" section;
Added "JSONutils" and its description to "Ongoing project" section.

README.md, after:

### Hi👋! My name is João
A Computer enthusiast that's learning programming languages!

<!-- <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/why-are-my-contributions-not-showing-up-on-my-profile">
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=retrozinndev&theme=blue-green"></a>
<br> -->

#### Things that you should look:
 - [Note Studios](https://github.com/notestudios)
 - I've made a game and you can play on Game Jolt, source code is available! <br>
  [The Traveler - A free and open-source 2D Shooter game](https://github.com/notestudios/TheTraveler)
 - A Space Shooting game I've made for fun! <br>
  [Space Shooter - A game about Space Shooting!](https://github.com/retrozinndev/SpaceShooter)
 - Tool made to Sync your Date and Time with the Internet on Windows <br>
  [UpDateNTime - Tool for PCs that can't keep date and time](https://github.com/retrozinndev/UpDateNTime)

#### Ongoing project
 I'm coding an easy to use JSON Library for parsing, creating and formatting JSONs! <br>
 [JSONutils - A simple JSON Library that's still in development](https://github.com/retrozinndev/JSONutils)

#### Familiar programming languages:
<a href="https://openjdk.org/">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white"></a>
<a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/csharp/">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white"></a><br>


#### Social Medias:
Talk to me on Discord: **retrozinndev**

<a href="https://www.reddit.com/user/Much_Clue7037">
 <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Reddit-FF4500?style=for-the-badge&logo=reddit&logoColor=white" alt="Reddit"></a>
<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/22116293/retrozinndev">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Stack_Overflow-FE7A16?style=for-the-badge&logo=stack-overflow&logoColor=white" alt="StackOverFlow"></a>
<a href="https://www.twitch.tv/retrozinndev">
 <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitch-9146FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitch&logoColor=white" alt="Twitch"></a>

#### Linux Distro I use:
<a href="https://archlinux.org/"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Arch_Linux-1793D1?style=for-the-badge&logo=arch-linux&logoColor=white" alt="Arch Linux GNOME"></a>

<!--
**retrozinndev/retrozinndev** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
Here are some ideas to get you started:
- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
